I'm going to trying to change your
perception we have three different
people six different eyes in a moment
everyone's going to see the same thing
or not you're gonna see what I mean the
moment everybody right not take a deep
breath in look at me for a second that's
the moment right there take a peek don't
say it just to remember it keep it in
your mind that's gonna be yours I'm
gonna lay those down Michelle same thing
I'm gonna go real slow you're going to
see all different cards yell out stop
whenever you'd like right there get a
peek that one's yours keep that in your
mind last but not least Katie good
you're synched up as I go I'll go real
slow state or to stop anytime you like
right there get a feet and remember okay
you could have thought of any of these
cards but i want everyone to do is when
I clap my hands together I want you to
say out loud at the same time the card
you're thinking of one two three check
this out here's the weird thing to the
thought of any of those cards you could
have thought of the ace of spades the
six of diamonds the seven of clubs the
ten of spades
if we're still seeing it there still
seeing it this way yes the Jack of Clubs
ladies what you're seeing is not real
this is an illusion team to snap i want
you to see none of this was real i want
you to see this for a moment this is not
an illusion I'm most perlman welcome to
this van Gaal e deck DVD this is one of
the first trick text I ever bought as a
kid right when i got into magic I
thought I knew everything about this
event galley back boy was I wrong they
treat me wrong the tricks on this DVD
are just things i never even would have
conceived up with this van Gaal yet if
you use this sparingly in the right
situation this is devastating by the
arts okay here's the wig but no I wanted
to look down you're gonna fool your own
friends with the deck that they have at
home sitting in their magic tour they
will ask how did you do that they're not
going to believe you when you tell them
took this vendor yet before I came over
here I put one card away and it was the
final hearts you can force a card in
pretty much the best way imaginable you
can use this for publicity purposes
there's no better way to force a card
and then there's all different methods
you can use with it that can enhance
your existing routine diamonds the seven
of clubs the forum's crunk the five of
hearts any of these cards they're still
seeing it did you see if they still
think they're seeing at know folks that
was an illusion all of these cards are
different I'm hypnotizing you this
entire don't overlook this this is
packed with information various
techniques six different killer routines
this is deven dolly
you